i finally achieved the goal i've always
wanted being able to travel the world
and work directly for my laptop while
making 60 000
per month at 22 years old now this video
is going to be my entire story of how i
was able to do this at such a young age
going from literally a broke jobless
college student to being able to travel
the world for free and generate passive
income i actually shared my story
briefly a year ago on tick tock but
here's my chance to do it in-depth and
give you all the details and i'll also
be showing you a little inside scoop of
exactly how much my brand is making on a
monthly basis without being profit of
course but make sure to stay to the end
of the video because i have something
special that will be very useful for
those of you guys that have an
e-commerce business or wanting to start
one up
[Music]
so to start things off i came from a
pretty normal family i was never really
hungry
i never had to worry about those basic
needs stuff but my parents ended up
splitting up not meaning my mom moving
back to hawaii and my dad well i ended
up staying with my dad and doing school
in la so my mom is the type of person
that gives me anything that i want or
everything that she has and my dad just
isn't that kind of person
he gave me enough to survive
and for me given that i lived with him
that made things tough for me mentally
and i just didn't have a good
relationship with my dad he would always
say if i really wanted something i would
have to go and get a job and work for it
like a normal person and he says if he
can say
you having a spare change he could say
welcome to mcdonald's could i help you
so i realized i can't keep leeching off
my mom if i want to live the life that i
want to
and i was always that kid that had that
business oriented mindset i just never
had the balls to take that leap of faith
so now this is senior year of high
school during the bitcoin era and i
decided to take some risks
and long story short i lost all two
thousand dollars that i invested and i
was left with
seventy nine dollars to my name fast
forward a year i get into college i'm at
my university and this is where things
get a little bit spicy you like it a
little bit spicy
spicy meat
so this is the year that i decided to
get really out of my comfort zone and
what better way than to go pledge a
fraternity now i did a lot of stupid
stuff you know the college experience
but overall i had a great time and i
truly think it shaped me into the person
i am today but most importantly i was
able to meet a lot of unique people
specifically one individual by the name
of stephen now stephen is pretty cocky
he's arrogant we get in fights sometimes
but he's a genuine person and he always
means well
so
he's got this business background
and he convinces me to start
dropshipping and if you don't know what
dropshipping is well you're dumb as
chill i'm kidding i'm kidding well it's
basically where you create an online
store place specific products to sell
and then you drive traffic through
organic or paid advertising now when a
customer makes a purchase your supplier
wherever they may be simply ships that
product to them
now you pay the supplier the wholesale
price while you charge the customer the
retail price and hooray you reap the
profits so you're essentially the
middleman now this was so appealing to
me for the fact that i could be anywhere
i didn't have to be in an office and i'm
literally the ceo of my own business my
first product i tried to sell was a
janky wireless iphone charger and
believe it or not
i got my first sale within one hour of
running facebook ads but
after three days of running ads i didn't
get a single sale so
i was back to square one so steven told
me to try products i ran ads on it and
it started to work i started to get
sales from there i use it as an
opportunity to sell other products in
the same space
this was my first successful store on
this store i did around 140 000 in
revenue and i profited around
thousand dollars in four months
so by this time i'm 20 years old you
know living lavish
doing as i please buying as i please
until
i got a seasoned assist for selling a
copyrighted product so shopify stripe
paypal shut me down
and all the reserve money i had in there
was gone not to mention i bought over 30
000 of inventory to ship myself
from my dorm room now mind you i was
making over 500 a day
to absolutely zero within a blink of an
eye so what did i do i didn't curl up in
a ball i didn't cry myself to sleep
although i really did want to i did
freak out
but in a good way because i freaked out
and got obsessed and
really just wanted to make this work and
find a solution to start making money
again so here i am testing 10 products a
week none of them working and i'm on my
last two i try to scale the first one it
doesn't work
the second one is getting a few sales so
i have some hope but i didn't know for
sure if it was a winner so i decided to
go all in get a nicely branded website
graphic design work
custom creatives and relaunch it so day
one i think i almost hit 200
then day two was 300
600 by day four i hit my first 1 000
on that day so i was a big milestone for
that brand uh day five
i hit
2k and then from there it was all uphill
all right 2k then 4k
5k 7 9
by week 2 i was hitting 10 000
plus per day so even though i got a
seasoned assist i was able to understand
the key components of how to build a
business from the ground up it was
really just a matter of me using a basic
formula or my understanding and applying
that to preceding story so if you guys
truly want to make it trust me you will
find a way
with that being said you got to be
willing to go to drastic measures
whether that be
eating mac and cheese for breakfast
lunch and dinner or giving up the sticks
no more late night fortnite runs i
sacrificed so much time and saved all
the little money i had
not going out to eat not going to bars
and put my all into this all right so
let's show where that's gotten me but
before that i want to give you guys a
quick little update on where i'm at i am
in argentina i love this place so much
this year i'm trying to hit 20 or more
new countries
last year i think i hit 39 destinations
not a penny spent not even a penny spent
on travel
credit hacking you know
comment below if you want to see any
videos on how to credit hack how to
travel for free living the digital nomad
lifestyle so i've scaled multiple brands
to over seven figures but this one that
i'm working on right now i'm trying to
put my all into and really just get it
to the next level so without further ado
let's go and hop into the dashboards all
right all right all right all right all
right all right
okay so let's go into this so today
2.4k
[Applause]
i'll show you guys
december through
um april 4th today's april 4th so we did
it
437 000 let's go into the dashboard of
course
worth probably i don't even know okay
246 000 in profits 112 000 ad spend 64k
cost goods we are using that inspect
element which a lot of you guys think
that i'm using
okay march wasn't that great of a month
honestly
we'll say
march we did
oh was the product margin we did 88k
yeah not private margin should have been
hit first month was pretty good um i
think 80k profit
86k profit proceeding month was 60.
so this month really a step up the game
hopefully get back up to 60 but
yeah this is how much my brand is making
for the giveaway what i want to do is
pick three random people for a free
one-on-one call with me where you can
ask me anything ecommerce related and
i'm going to give you a bunch of tips
and tricks that i'm using on my brand
right now as well as advice on your
current store or if you plan on opening
up a new one any questions there now the
way to enter is first you have to
subscribe i don't know why you're not
subscribed already i'm about to be
dropping some major heat coming soon
every single week a new video two you
gotta like the video
for the algorithm come on guys and three
comments
which country or destination
that you really want to go to this year
so that's it for the giveaway but i was
just thinking it's crazy to imagine that
how my life has changed in just four
years but really within the first couple
months my life completely flipped
because i put a lot of time and effort a
lot of dedication persistency in this
craft and everyone can do the same as
long as they're willing to put in the
time anyway i appreciate every single
one of you guys that have watched this
video if you could show some supports
that would be amazing i got more bangers
to come i'll see you guys peace out